Hello everyone, Natalya, thank you
looked at my channel
I am very glad to meet you and in
today's video I want to show you
your everyday makeup measles green
eye and for glasses
so if you are interested then
stay with me wish you all nice
browsing to create makeup to me
will need this cosmetics in the main
faberlic the first thing starting pen brush
from the set which I have already told and
I put shadows on all ages of shadow
light beige by deborah
black pencil draw arrow and
also bringing the inner line of the century
then I work on the inside of the eyelid
I apply white shadows unlike
light beige
they have a slight shimmer
dark brown shadows quite a bit
stand on the outer corner of the eye shadow
young man in such a way something light
the shade was on the inside of the century
themselves dark floor on the outer corner of the eye
to keep your eyes big
and expressive even with glasses when
negative vision now using the identity
I love the dior dior show
beautiful mascara after new cilia such
fluffy she really like me for
make up
now with the help of the concealer airton
I have a faberlic shade
beige 6034 I remove small
disadvantages are redness and circles under
eyes
after the country's minor flaws
i level my face for that i
using stage cream from faberlic
porcelain haze besides protection
and say 15 or article at cream 03 08
I like him very much because he
makes time noticeable evens
skin tone and completely not noticeable on the skin
enjoy your enjoyment cream and
economical very insanely glad that
I was introduced to him by my friend also
a little peppy cream and put it on the skin
around u gently drive plastics
it is necessary for the lips to be more
voluminous and then draw the outline
transparent pencil from faberlic
Now apply lipstick vice vice in shade 4633
in the sunlight they fly shimmering
so fingers
eliminating excess shine and command
getting more matte makeup fix
powder and use a wide brush on
who told you at the beginning of the video
I hope you liked my makeup very much
tried for you all the extra
cosmetics information
you can find on tpa paragraph under this
video thank you all for your attention soon
I'll see you